did you need a few moments I'm gonna
order the loaded potato pizza yeah let's
go for the famous ribs I'll go for this
pulled pork cheese boat say a little
prayer
trust me I already said prayer today
okay is that Ramsey yes sir I'm just
hoping Gordon Ramsay isn't too hard on
me because this type of food wasn't my
idea god it's creamy in here sad and
grim I can't fit that looks like it's
had a thousand buffaloes walking all
over lovely thank you holy mackerel
that's the strange Peter I've ever seen
I lost my beloved father to bless my
food judgment as a quick favor
yes yes which one just blessing my food
oh yeah would you sure yeah UPC cards
absolutely well good and gracious God we
asked you bless this food last chef
Gordon as he is about to receive it that
it may nourish him we ask this through
Christ our Lord amen
thank you fingers crossed
oh gosh ladies a little man that is a
ranch sauce
they put around dressing on the pizza
yes it's almost like sort of wallpaper
paste so the pizza sucks to be honest
I've tasted the pizza and it tasted good
I didn't see what he was talking about
the red is gonna be right huh what do
you think I was hoping maybe just maybe
he'd like the ribs chef's been doing all
right here who's just one for the sauce
Chester spherules
it's a generic sauce to shame cuz it
just destroys your flavor I they are
embarrassing I mean you got College in
there a mouthful of fat grease on the
outside
that's not even trimmed that I agree I'm
embarrassed didn't like the restaurant
sad
[Music]
what do you want trimmed off the bat all
rooms have federal John doesn't get it
he the ordering the inferior rib he's
trying to cut corners I'm just so
frustrated that I feel like banging my
head against the wall
[Music]
thank you enjoy thank you
pushed his cheese that just like gluing
pulled pork sandwich
yeah that's pulled straight at the bin
sweet taste of nothing and so nobody
ghastly oh dear the pulled pork sandwich
oh excuse me
forgive me Father but they have sinned
and I had a respect for you guys you're
not gonna eat that okay
I only go straight to hell